# Cryptographic Algorithm Identification using AI/ML

## Overview

This project aims to identify cryptographic algorithms from given datasets using Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) techniques. By analyzing data generated by modern cryptographic algorithms, the project seeks to pinpoint potential weaknesses in their implementations, thereby enhancing the robustness and security of these algorithms.

## Objectives

- Develop an AI/ML approach to identify cryptographic algorithms from datasets.
- Improve understanding of cryptographic algorithm weaknesses.
- Enhance security measures in secure communication.
- Automate the identification process using a software solution.

## Features

- **Algorithm Identification:** Uses machine learning models to predict the cryptographic algorithm used in a given dataset.
- **Data Analysis:** Analyzes data generated by modern cryptographic algorithms for accurate identification.
- **Automation:** Provides a software solution for automated identification, taking datasets as input and outputting probable cryptographic algorithms.

## Technologies and Tools

- **Programming Language:** Python
- **Libraries:** Scikit-learn, TensorFlow
- **Technologies:** Data Analysis, Machine Learning, Cryptography

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.x
- TensorFlow
- Scikit-learn
- Other dependencies specified in `requirements.txt`

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/Sugamshaw/Identification-of-Cryptographic-Algorithms
    ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
    ```bash
    cd cryptographic-algorithm-identification
    ```
3. Install the required dependencies:
    ```bash
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```


## Contributing

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix.
3. Make your changes and commit them with clear messages.
4. Push your changes to your forked repository.
5. Submit a pull request to the main branch.

## Acknowledgments

- National Technical Research Organisation (NTRO) for the project concept and dataset.
- Open-source libraries and tools that made this project possible.
